SI is partly trace tart three this is
part 3 de sopa de pull folio he looks to
my face if she lay there they yes it
also is ha ha ha ha ha hmm
imagine if I just our humble
spanish rice remember or Mexican rice
cilantro is SP container na na na kaya
make fellow
okay sounds a lot more later
onions go to these onions have several
yeah subway subway yeah cancel for you
comadre puede ver su Nina cozy ando
paseando sananda cozy Nando
so spod raised even in Honduras you know
I this stuff for cinco anos yes mucho
tiempo que mouth
whom the boy a conocer lace
well as a car loophole um momento porque
es muy smola okay necesito um grande see
any you know in my car de la casa de me
Carl into casa heavy cuz I see our next
time el otro base okay oh bueno Kumar
comprar bonemaster on de para me mama I
producer low cut up a ser mucho a poner
in el cuello my Weibo when where go
where go when we go as a foil as it in
the freezer cuando hace mucho cuando
cocina mucho Grande it with a squiggle
hay agua de bois de l'eau where there
when Alan and recency without God are
low yeah ah God our Lord to keep borders
to keep river yes dance es fancy a este
song caliente y necesita más frío la
necesita sacar de para que la vendor
asakusa este para que se Co Sabine
come peonies no necesito sacarlo para
que esas cosas bien sûr cosas bien
closer yeah into the cocina bien oh so
that this will cook well you took this
out oh ok este a spin the cocina ok
but SI que estas when cocinar muy bueno
mm-hmm see to spot a screen kc ya tu
madre and Brendo yummy mummy ensenar me
in seniority you have been there d oh
that's a lot more you only come see they
say i'ma tambien pienso haha y tambien
Esperanza no miss to miss you yeah yes
kiss next time next time image is Fran
you leave on it tambien to its tonya
Elias SI pero hablo telefono muchos face
every day cala dia tambien cuando yo
estaba menor que up mucho men or um
women today me llamo cada dia tambien SI
porque es muy lejos canada a honduras
son muy lejos de aqui
ok
for Los salada yeah when I asked an
antenna hot today see where they and go
on then go on a plastic box no se como
se me say I don't know the enolate si si
tengo best day